at least 18
for the track today we are going to do the
first about the main characters
customers
in the digital step from next
month and according to the association of animators
Japanese are 6 yesterday the only anime that
they were editing that used the method
tradition and with its passage to digital no longer
will be none recently was
recognized by Guinness records as
the longest animated series in the world that
has 6 thousand 400 chapters and follows
being one of the most popular series
in Japan announcer although different go
of the 100 gospel back you have a
new game you have to be attentive is a
rpg future or newly educated missions
he was allowing the players
collaborate to fight against the angels
or face other pilots in
training battles
But not everything will fight because you can
strengthen the area and improve
skills of their pilots based on
communicate with them of hunger in the
mobile alien will count as one
original story and it will be available
for android devices and ios starting
next winter little reveals his
secret to not disheveled and is
asking how does keeping the
hair perfectly knitted and not
to be surprised in the fights, thanks to
creative we would have the best secret
saved from angeline warriors
I am for the hair dragon ball z
this topic of cosmetics grew and has
released white market and for hair
of dragon ball available in three
presentations but one of them as
extractions carrot you know what
means kaka broken the original name
of goku and nothing more and nothing less
what a ball
good and these are the news of this
week remember that if you want to know more
the links are in the description of
good video we are in the top five of
the main characters that use
slow and for number 5 we have
assured of rose merás those same
main characters of rose greater
lives isolated from the world due to a theme
school and as a strong addiction to
shopping online until you get to
ching in the store rose mother with the
which through a ring in the form of
Rosa makes a pact becoming her
servant allowing tim cook to take
your life energy to fight
involving is done in the year game
the number 4 place we have the burning
Miter road capture is the character
main way to my you think that better
is he initiating as the god of the
conquest for its legendary
skills to conquer any
girl in videogames
however the real world does not like him
a lot and is known as another friend nor
joining the word otaku and megan is that
they mean lenses after signing a
contract with a model called the yes
that will be forced with my hangers the
real world since within their
hearts there are spirits fugitives from
underworld and the only way to get it out
is making her fall in love and the subject is not
he really likes the idea he has to do it
or else a necklace will cut off my head
for effort number 3 we have up
from someone I have the protagonist
female of harbin arme of childhood
icod copied feelings towards him
although it shows an appearance of chillán
or more than high school she is the successor
and legendary team lines sleep in
Foris sometimes helps there and his team
pretending to be a character
masked called presanca avenged tends
be friendly friendly and courteous but there
occasions in which it shows its character
strong and violent especially in the fight
to his enemies
Well, we are already in the position number 2
where we have two characters and nothing
more and nothing less we talk about like there
that go up mini he knew where guy
ritchie
normal student whose life also with
the arrival of the new teacher made
which turns out not to be a teacher
but a visitor of space in a
research mission
and despite his expertise he is already 18 years old
with the true identity of my house not
and to save his secret he decides to get married
with her undertaking the adventure that
you can enjoy in fellow pitchers
and now in our number one position
we have nothing more and nothing less than
Detective Conan's water content is
the protagonist of the detective series
cold
If he 's a boy, very little, be a detective.
because of a painting called apt x 4 869
that he was supposed to kill him without
leave a trace at the autopsy
mysteriously makes your body
shrink by reversing his image to a child
of 6 or 7 years to avoid revealing their
identity
chiri hills and that naim frame and it takes to
the clients of his father and although he
Remove the crystals and only use the
mount to basically detect these
rebels are the price element for what
difference with chiriquí for being a
classic and the favorite of millions of
Japanese is now our number one
but today we have reached the end of
our user today and we continue their
another character that is to believe that he should
be on this list as well Let us know
through youtube or through our page
facebook official that appears in
screen reminds you every Friday
a new video will come out so subscribe
comment and share